---
title: Feeling Happy
description: This is my first blog
authors: [blogs]
tags: [greetings]
---

Today, I am just feeling happy! And there's quite some reason to do so.

<!-- truncate -->

I am just in the mood to write. Nothing else. Want to let all of my emotions written down so that I can let go of them. Too much stuff going around.

It was a very tiring journey between the previous blog and this and if I am correct there's even more tireness to come. But that's a story for another day.

Lots of nice things happended today, all while I had an empty stomach. Didn't eat much throughout the day. Neither breakfast(as usual) nor lunch and dinner. Survived on a Veg Burger bought from the local stationary shop(Shantanu Da's shop). Although later in the night, I did have some meal from the canteen(but it didn't taste well).
Tomorrow - Planning to have my first breakfast in months(maybe).

I just landed my first job! Got a message(can't name who) too. Got a reply from a good company(of which I had completed an assignment) about an internship(for which I was waiting for days). Had a good chat with my Tennis coach too. Played Cricket and watched Netflix at the end. However, this wasn't how the day started. It started at about 12 o'clock in the noon. Right after I woke, I started preparing for my interview for a company(which later gave me the job). Throughly went thorugh my code again and again. Checked my social media accounts too(dammit, its become a habit). Before the interview at 9:30pm, I just finalised a meet with the Founder of a startup based out of New York. Then went for the interview. Nailed it. Went for a long walk. And finally - (read from the starting of the para).

Though, this is not the end. Got a ton of things to do: like prepare for presentation of 2 courses, do my BTP work, prepare for endsem exams, an assignment from another company etc etc.

Btw, these are pure emotions written directly by me. No GPT/Grammar/Spell check. Just my fingers, keyboard and a .md file.

See y'all
